what's up my pilots anger poncho here
doing super flat survival this is a
convenient spawn point i'll take those
torches that wool and that workbench
thank you very much hmm neighbors ah
they have more wool and torches that
makes three wool I rob my neighbors they
had diamonds you can see my neighbors
from space I think I'll live here I rob
my neighbors we had gold and obsidian I
got wheat for days bitches better make
some bread before I starve to death
fucking slimes better make a bed for
tonight nice fuck that's a sunset never
mind we will I have a basement finally a
slime proof farm fucking slimes they're
everywhere look all this shit look at it
hmm I have some sheep outside my front
door every morning Oh more neighbors
they have pigs hey guys want some wheat
look at all the animals follow me my
animal friends you can all live in this
crowded pen together ah what a nice
village I live inside a blacksmith look
more neighbors I rob my neighbors they
have pigs you can see my pigs from space
look more neighbors
my neighbors nice play see ya here look
I found chickens you can live in this
slightly larger pen I think my basement
needs more torches fucking slimes I
think I hit a well I have a huge
basement I got dirt for days bitches
fucking slimes need to build a wall to
keep you assholes out you can see my
wall from space now to find the slime
chunks
this seems like a slime chunk will wall
it off definitely a slime junk just got
to get rid all this dirt ah destroying
roofs of the sunsets he's going for a
swim nice view from up here I deleted
this junk you can see my chunk from
space now it's another slime chunk sorry
mr. dent I have to destroy your house
you may not rest now what the fuck my
basement needs more torches fucking
slimes I got slimes four days bitches
making good progress deleting this house
look all this shit look at it another
hard day's work fucking slimes fucking
slimes wait is this really a spawn chunk
there's no slimes in there oops it
wasn't you can see my mistake from space
I guess I better fix this
better much better what the hell am I
gonna do with this thing I have
villagers in my basement I got wheat for
gays bitches i guess this farm doesn't
need a wall anymore remember to
discipline your villagers this villager
stays inside like a good villager I bet
he's playing Minecraft in there ah
there's so much more room for activities
discipline time to go exploring I'll use
these beacons to find my way back a
punch farms look twin churches I'll take
those torches thank you look more
neighbors I rob my neighbors what the
hell is he doing there I think he likes
the lighting glitches was like I'm
sleeping here tonight it's actually
quite nice here look spiders I could use
a bow better make a bed first hmm I can
take them I can't take them
away need to hide from zombies try a
church my bet has three colors of wool
better leave a note in case I have to
spawn here Thank You mr. son look more
neighbors they have a blacksmith with
saplings inside hell yes finally I'll
reward this village by leaving a tree
here looks like I'm sleeping on top of
the church again can you spot the beacon
in this picture
ah home sweet home better bring the farm
animals inside community mr. big that
sheep is anti-social look at all this
shit look at it such diversity in my
farm animals world record tallest tree
thank God they reproduce I got trees for
days which is my basement needs more
torches that's better I think I'll make
a tree farm I've got wood I'm sick of
being a scavenger let's make a real
wheat farm I got farms for days bitches
you can see my farm from space bucket
bucket bucket
okay bucket bucket oink hmm world record
tallest tree hell I can live in there I
made a room inside look more neighbors I
want my neighbors well sorry neighbor
I'll take those bookshelves thank you
very much fucking slimes looks like I'm
sleeping in a library tonight oops I
burnt down the blacksmith and library uh
see you later guys hmm delicious juicy
steaks I'm making bookshelves I got
bookshelves for days bitches time to
enchant some shit why isn't it working
all particles galvanized earth undead
Aaron view elder stretch just one level
holy shit I like fire now I know what
should go here whoa look at all this
shit
look at it
I ruled this place that's all folks
thanks for watching